**a database for the management of a medical examination booking system within a Local Health Authority (ASL),** 



⚫️ Each patient is characterized by the health card number, name, surname, address, date of birth, place of birth and age.


⚫️ ASL hospitals are characterized by a numerical code, name and address.


⚫️ Each hospital is divided into departments identified by a unique numeric code within the hospital and characterized by department name and telephone number.


⚫️ The department staff is identified by a Social Security Number (SSN). Name, surname and address are also known.


⚫️ Among the staff, for doctors the list of specializations achieved is known and for the volunteers the name of the association they belong to (if available) is stored.


⚫️ The medical examinations that can be performed are characterized by a numerical code and a textual description (e.g., X-ray exam, etc.).


⚫️ For specialistic examinations, the doctor who carries out the visit and a description of the diet to follow (if necessary) are also stored.


⚫️ The laboratories that perform the examinations are identified by a unique code within the hospital and they are characterized by the name of the laboratory, the location plan and the room number.


⚫️ For each member of the laboratory staff, the days and laboratories in which he/she works are stored. Pay attention to the fact that during the same day each staff member can work in more than one laboratory.


⚫️ Each exam requires a reservation. For each exam reservation made by a patient, the date and time of the exam, the laboratory where it is performed, the cost of the ticket and the information about the exam being urgent or not are stored.


⚫️ Please note that each patient can make multiple reservations for the same exam on different dates and the same exam cannot be repeated on the same day by the same patient, even in different laboratories.


⚫️ Each doctor can take on different roles during his/her career (e.g. assistant, head physician, etc.). We want to keep track of the roles each doctor has taken on during his/her career and the related time periods (start date, end date).


⚫️ Keep in mind that each doctor cannot take on more than one role at the same time, but he/she can take on the same role in different time periods.

